Dad, why not say
What did I say to you? Whatever the person just told me,
God thinks he is pregnant, but he looks too much like her,
I almost had a miscarriage last night.
Thanks to the experts from all the hospitals, Ji Zhi stressed that he kept his promise.
The blood of our Gu family.
That arrow man actually came here to talk to a child?
We mean, mean sister Gao comes back,
He actually got pregnant on this show,
What to do?
Although the arrow man cannot catch my eye,
But he does his own thing,
After all, he is the child of our Gu family.
Those who continue to be retained for trial interest
Today is so unfair
Doesn't he need money?
As long as he agrees to divorce immediately
I can push him through it
Please progress on no hope
He himself looks too unstable
At this time you
If I file for divorce with him, I'll get stabbed.
What should I do if he has sex with Du’s child? My dad?
Your dad is right
The Gu family is simple
The most important thing now
The baby was born safely
Wait until we get the child back
When you see someone, there will be nothing to suppress. When the time comes,
You can deal with him however you want
As for sweet days
Auntie promises
The Gu family’s children are your children
From now on, no one will know how to cherish
It's a child's heart
Then it was so raw
When the joy of heaven comes and the rest of pregnancy is announced